hello you guys this is Colin from hit to
save comm and as you can see right now
I'm showing you guys all these boxes
that are from the winners that ordered
this off amazon.com for the Toys for
Tots giveaway and anyway we're in Texas
visiting family right now so I'm we're
gonna go and we found a great woman
shelter that I'm doing it's a Toys for
Tots that we're going to drop it off to
and hopefully we're going to meet up a
marine over there and have him tucked
yeah okay you guys we are here now
you know show you that's exactly about
viewing but um once we get inside I
don't know who I can film again but
anyway this is everything so they're
excited all the kids there is so much
stuff at each of these bags I mean this
is all stuff you guys requested you guys
did a very good job picking out all
these toys and anyway if I can I'm gonna
film in there if not I will see you back
outside and I'll tell you how it went so
stay tuned alright you guys I am about
to go inside with all of this stuff look
here that's going around here too but
anyways right here the news channel is
here are they gonna film me I don't know
probably not they're probably here for
the event but it's still cool anyway
stay tuned
this is hips husband filming all the
toys wonderful donations
you
look at this I'm gonna be on the news so
we're gonna ask you something right now
they're so like I have a website called
hip vidcom and we've actually gotten
over $1,000 worth of amazon.com
brand-new toys for the kids and we're
here with
all right okay you guys I am here with
the executive director of the Downtown
Women's Center in Amarillo Texas and I'm
just gonna have her speak really fast
just to let us know and you know why
they've decided to do this and how cool
this awesome thank you we are serving
all the so we are here today
this together
so we're just very grateful thank you
yeah you guys are awesome see what you
guys did you make all these kids
Christmases just awesome with you
excited